Fix a few bugs from PED (#161)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-T12-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Examples:

> * To allow the 2nd person in the contact list to borrow the 3rd book in the book list
>   * `listBook` and `listPerson` will show the lists containing the books and the stored contacts
>   * `borrow 2 b/3 d/17/10/2024` allows the 2nd user in the person list to borrow the 3rd book in the book list, with a due date of Oct. 17, 2024.
> * To RENEW the book due date
>   * Simply borrow the book again for the same person with the same title, but with a different date
>   * `borrow 2 b/3 d/20/11/2024` will renew the book due date for the previous example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To allow the 2nd person in the person list to borrow the 3rd book in the book list:
  * `listBook` and `listPerson` will show the lists containing the books and the stored persons.
  * `borrow 2 b/3 d/17/10/2024` allows the 2nd user in the person list to borrow the 3rd book in the book list, with a due date of Oct. 17, 2024.
* To **edit** the book's due date only:
  * Simply borrow the book again for the same person but with a different date.
  * `borrow 2 b/3 d/20/11/2024` will renew the book due date for the previous example.
```
